docs(dialog):documentation for the dialog component (#617)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/dialog/header.md

---
title: Header
page_title: Dialog Header
description: Header of the Dialog for Blazor.
slug: dialog-header
tags: telerik,blazor,dialog,header
published: True
position: 5
---

# Dialog Header

The header contains the `Title` and the `Close Action` button.

> The Dialog supports the title configuration through a template and a string parameter. The default value is `null(default(string))`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to define a Dialog title:
* a string `Title` attribute of the component
* a nested `<DialogTitle>` template.

The default `Title` value is `null`.
```

You can control the close action via the `ShowCloseButton` parameter. Its default value is `true`.

> >important If you don't want to render the header, set the `ShowCloseButton` to `false` and leave the title empty.

Reviewer: This should look like a tip, not a warning. Also, does it make sense to highlight it? This doesn't look like a common use case.

```suggestion
> If you don't want to render the header, set the `ShowCloseButton` to `false` and leave the title empty.
```

## Example

The following example demonstrates how to set up the title through a template. The close action button is also hidden.

>caption The result from the code snippet.

![](images/dialog-header.png)

> >caption Title template and hidden closing button in the Telerik Dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Title template and no close button in the Telerik Dialog.
```
